Black Dynamite[edit]
Shh, mama, you gonna wake up the rest of the bitches.
Tiny, get pimpin’ Jake out of my trunk, tell him, “the rest of my money by Wednesday or I’ll make him stick himself.”
Mama, you can bet yo sweet ass and half a titty whoever ordered the hit on you has already got the pigs in they back pocket.
Who the hell’s interrupting my Kung Fu?!
I know I was the best CIA agent the CIA ever had, but I thought I told you honkies from the CIA that Black Dynamite was out of the game!
Listen sucka. I’m blacker than the ace of spades and more militant than you and your whole damned army put together. And while you’re out there chanting at rallies and brow beating politicians, I’m taking out any money frontin’ sucker on a humble that gets in my way, so I'll tell you what. When your so-called Revolution starts, you call me and I'll be right down in front showing you how it's done. But until then, you need to SHUT THE FUCK UP when grown folks is talkin!
The worst thing about these dealers getting children addicted to this new smack, is that these children are ORPHANS…. And orphans don’t have parents.
It may be bigger than you and it may be bigger than me, but it’s not bigger than you AND me; can you dig it?
(after killing a donut costume-wearing assassin) Donuts don’t wear alligator shoes.
I’d like to take the credit but dig mama, there’s no “I” in “revolut” …in “team.”
Now that the man has our backs to the wall, I ain’t gonna let em hurt the kids.
You can hit the streets or the sheets, it don’t make me no nevermind. That’s your bag, baby. You can go or you can come, can you dig it?
I shoulda known you'd be behind this, Fiendish Dr. Wu. Your knowledge of scientific biological transmogrifications is only outmatched by your zest for Kung Fu treachery!
(after Bullhorn is killed) Fiendish Dr. Wu, you done fucked up now!!
(throws eyeballs at Fiendish Dr. Wu) You told him to keep an eye out for me.
You diabolical dick shrinkin' motherfuckers!
Haha! I threw that shit before I walked in the room!
Do you see where I'm coming from you jive motherfucker!
(firing missiles at an island from a helicopter) Take that, you dick-shrinkin' island!
Three inches to the left and they would have missed my black ass.
Bullhorn[edit]
You know he came around here about a week ago, with some cats that I had never seen before. Man I mean these cats looked mean! Meaner than two fat motherfuckers wrestling over pork chops and greens, can you dig it?
Go get Chicago Wind before he disappears. I'll take care of this gorilla eatin' goon here!
Oh, you's a corn-fed fool with a lot of muscle mass. But it's time for Bullhorn to get up in that ass!
Let everybody know and suckers be warned that this is the outcome when you mess with Bullhorn!
Man, them honkeys gonna be runnin' for cover! when us brothas get-- ge-- get-- (struggles to make a rhyme for "cover", then gives up) Hmm.

Michael Higgins